These files read Biosemi data in BDF format. There are 3 options:

1) Matlab: this folder contains the matlab function "extract_data_biosemi". This function takes two input: 1) the name of the BDF file to open and 2) the refernce channel(s) expressed in number (position). If more than one reference channel is used, the function will average the N channels entered. The function handles the special module 9 "ABR", which does not require a reference channel. In this case, the user needs to enter "0". The polarity will also be adjusted to have Cz - Average channeles. The function will return the one ouput (e.g. EEG), which stores all the key info data read from the bdf file, such as the EEG data, the sampling frequency, etc.

2) MEX: this folder contains the matlab function "extract_data_biosemi_mex", which uses the mex function "Read_BDF_MEX". The C++ source code can be found in the file "Read_BDF_MEX.cpp". The function "extract_data_biosemi_mex" takes two input: 1) the name of the BDF file to open and 2) the refernce channel(s) expressed in number (position). If more than one reference channel is used, the function will average the N channels entered. The function handles the special module 9 "ABR", which does not require a reference channel. In this case, the user needs to enter "0". The polarity will also be adjusted to have Cz - Average channeles. The function will return the one ouput (e.g. EEG), which stores all the key info data read from the bdf file, such as the EEG data, the sampling frequency, etc.

3) C++: this folder contains the file "Read_BDF.cpp" and the executable file "Read_BDF". In order to compile this file in Linux type the following command: g++ -ggdb Read_BDF.cpp -o Read_BDF. When the user runs the executable files, he/she is prompted to insert the name of an existing bdf file. If the file doesn't exists, the program will terminate throwing the following message: "The file has not been opened. Check that the name of the file is correct and make sure to include the extension bdf"

The Matlab and MEX files are part of a large Toolbox that I wrote and that I am using to analyze EEG and MEG data.

If you have any question and/or want to report bugs, please e-mail me (Ale) at: pressalex@hotmail.com
